This sermon is brought to you by Buford Road Baptist Church.
The speaker today is reverend Dan Mahud.
First, I thought when we pulled in,
2 Timothy 4.12.
Let no man despise thy youth. Timothy was just a young guy, young preacher, and teens love hearing that. Let no man despise thy youth.
But there's more to it. The verse goes on, teens. Sorry about that.
Let no man despise thy youth, but be thou an example of the believers.
In word, in conversation, in charity, in spirit, in faith, in purity.
And I love adding that last little part till I come. It's the beginning of the next sentence till I come.
And so that's where we're gonna measure success until he comes, till we go meet him in the clouds or he comes either way, man. That's where we're gonna measure our success.
you listen to Reverend Dan mahood
For more information, visit our website at bufordrodebaptistchurch.com.